Docs: update API access for new token type (#1958)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/sdks/proxy-react.md

title: React Proxy SDK
---

> This library can be used with [Unleash Proxy](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash-proxy) or directly (since _Unleash v4.16_). Optional [proxy layer](/sdks/unleash-proxy) can sit between Unleash instance and your client application providing performance and security benefits. If you are connecting directly to the Unleash instance remember to use `/api/frontend` URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library can be used with the [Unleash Proxy](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash-proxy) or with the [Unleash direct access API](../reference/frontend-api). It is _not_ compatible with the regular Unleash client API.
```

- **`url`**

>   Your proxy's URL or Unleash frontend endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Your proxy's URL or the Unleash direct access API endpoint (`<unleash-url>/api/frontend`).
```
